Online store case 

Assignment 

This assignment is about writing an application in Golang to showcase a customer 
buying a product from an online store. 

To do so, the application must implement RESTful APIs for: 

1. Customer activities. 
2. Order activities. 
Requirements 

Let us consider a case of a customer who wants to buy some books from an online 
store. For this, you need to share the following in your assignment: 

1. Simple word document: 
a. List some of the possible scenarios of the customer interactions when 
she/he tries to place an order. 
b. List some of the possible scenarios that may happen for her/his orders 
c. Create a flow diagram to show how the interaction will be for such case 
starting from the landing page of that webstore till the order has 
placed 
2. Application code: 
a. In a case of a new customer, create RESTful APIs for: 
i. Creating a customer 
ii. Getting customer’s info using an ID you choose for your 
customers that can be identified with that. 
iii. Updating customer’s info using his ID 
iv. Listing all customers 
b. The customer is already logged in and trying to place an order. Create 
RESTful APIs for: 
i. Creating an order 
ii. Canceling/Deleting an order 
iii. List all orders using customer ID 
Tools 

For you assignment, you can use any database or a REST/Server framework youwish.
Please also include guidelines how to setup the development environment and 
any setup steps we are required to make (if any) to run the application. 

Things to consider 

We will investigate your application's functionality as well as the actual 
implementation and your ability to model data in database. So please consider 


writing elegant, readable and reusable code. Whatever you decide to return to us, 
we consider as something you would have sent to a customer. 

How to return the assignment 

Preferred option is to share the application via private GitHub project. 
Sharing the code via Dropbox, Google Drive etc. is also acceptable. 

Bonus tasks 

Following are optional tasks for this assignment: 

1. Create one test per API (both customer and order APIs) 
2. App logger with a format you find suitable for Info, Debug, and Error cases. 

